10 amount-of-resources
1073077 amount-of-triples
14 amount-of-links
188 amount-of-properties
2 amount-of-resources
2247019 amount-of-triples
25.2% amount-of
3 amount-of
3004351 amount-of
36 amount-of
37 amount-of
39000 amount-of-resources
50% amount-of
55.7% amount-of
578 amount-of-properties
767 amount-of-properties
9555 amount-of-resources
About about "relates data of different knowledge layers"
Abstract 
AccessOption
Annotation annotation "relates some data to the data from which they have been extracted and isolated"
AnyOther other-than "relates some data to other data that are disjoint, because of the things they refer to or for the way they are described"
Area 
ArtWork
Artifact
Artist
BasicInformation descriptors-of "some data are the descriptors of other data"
Because
Before before "link some data to the same data at a preceding time"
Best best-part-of "link some data to data which contains them, and for which they are the best sample in relation to a given concern"
Between compared-with "says that two data sets are compared in relation to a given concern"
Capability capability-of "some data are the capabilities of other data. In other words, some data represent the fitness-for-use with relation to specific concerns."
Cause
Cluster cluster-in "some data is a uniform group of things in a data containing also other uniform groups which are different for some notable features"
Combination combination-from "some data is an ordered collection of items from other data"
Component component-of "data is a slice of data having a specified capability"
Concern concern-of "data represents the concern of other data"
Country
Criteria method-of "data represents a method that generates other data"
Data Data "This is our top concept"
Dataset Dataset "How is it different from Data? This represent materialized data..."
DatatypeProperty
DBPedia NamedDataset
Description Description "A kind of data referring to a single entity"
Deviation deviate-from "data deviate from a common value in a measure"
Direct directly-linked-to  "some data is linked to other with no needed inference"
Distinct distinct-set "data holds a distinct set from data (same data without duplicates)"
Document Document "is this a kind of data? A kind of artifact? Similar to Dataset? A container/wrapper of Data?"
Duplicate duplicate-of "data is a duplicate of some other data (same as copy-of?)"
Each
ElderData before
Endpoint 
Entity Entity "this is the thing which data talks about"
EntityOccurrenceMeasure Measure "a kind of data representing a measure of some other data"
Environment Environment "how to describe it, we should not know anything about it in OWA"
Event
Eventful
Exemplar sample-of "Some data are sample of other data"
Feature Descriptor "some data tells other data features"
Flickr Provider
Foursquare Provider
GeoLocation Descriptor
Graph shape-of "What is a graph? It deals to the shape of some data. A Datum being the shape of other data."
HavingType shape-of "What is a document type? It deals to the fitness for use by specific (sub)systems"
HierarchicalClustering Method "some data comes from other through a method (for a concern?)"
HoursOfOperation
HtmlType
Inconsistency inconsistent-part-of
Indirect indirectly-linked-to
Individual single-part-of
Influence affects "This deals with the fact that some data may justify other, for example the number of cars in a location affecting parking availability"
Information about
Institution
Irrelevant irrelevant-part-of
Issue unfitting-part-of "Some data has a negative impact with relation to a concern."
Item single-part-of "Make sense say that a datum is part of data"
KnownData known-data "or data in already-accessed location?
LDSD Method
LDSDMeasure Measure "A kind of data, measure-of some other"
LODACMuseumData DataSource
LODE Vocabulary
Last.fm Provider
Latest current-version-of "data is the current version of other data (and of itself?)"
Latitude
Link linked-to "Top-property"
List sorted-by "some data is intended to be sorted by a sorting Method"
LiveTrac Provider
Location location-of "some data describes the location of other data"
Longitude
Lost lost-part-of "this is tricky, but sometimes we change data and lost some information. How to say this?"
Max max-single-part-of
Meaningless meaningless-part-of "Some data cannot be interpreted anymore."
Measure Measure
Message message "Some data is in reply to other data. How to model messages?"
Method Method
Misuse misused-descriptor-of "some data is wrongly described."
MoreThen more-than "some data is more than other"
Most best-part-of
Musicbrain Provider
N-Times N-Times "not sure how far we should go on describing methods"
Name
Near inferred-from "some data is indirectly generated from other data by inference"
New newer-version-of "some data is the newer version of other"
Now Now "how far shall we go on modeling time?"
Number amount-of
Occurrence extracted-from "some data is extracted from other (using mining techniques, for example)"
Once cardinality-of-a-descriptor "We need to observe how descriptors are used in some data. How are they used?"
OnlineResource
Ontology Ontology
OtherThan other-than
Pair in-tuple-with "some data share with other the fact that they are a component of the same data"
Part component-of "some data is the component of other data"
Portion part-of
Privacy Concern "How to model how we judge data with relation to aspects of a task? For example Privacy issues, Licensing"
Property Descriptor
PropertyValue Descriptor
Protected in-protected-environment "This deals with the usage of some data in a specific context. Changing the context some issue may arise."
Provenance provided-by "Relates data to its Provider (Authority, Agent)"
Public in-public-environment "Can this data be used in a public unprotected setting?"
Quality fits "Some data fits a description (in the form of data...)."
Query query-of "data forms the query used to obtain data"
Rank rank "rank is data representing a metric with ordering purpose attached to some data"
Redundancy redundant-part-of "Another way of being part of some data is to contain only items which are contained more than once in another dataset"
RelatedThing related-to "This means linked-to with a specified reason (how?)"
Relation linked-to
Relevance related-to "Relevant wrt a specific concern"
Representation enable-capability "The existence of a Descriptor enables a capability"
Representation has-descriptors "This data is described using some Descriptors"
Representative related-to
Resource Pointer "A pointer says which is the Entity the data is about (?)"
Resource Entity "An Entity says what is the description about (?)"
Resource Locator "A Locator says where to find a description of an Entity"
ResourceFeature Descriptor
ResourceGroup Dataset
ResourcePair in-tuple-with
Role takes-the-role-of "Weird, we may apply the same method with different data."
SPARQL capability-of "Some data has some capability. The input of a process is a query written in SPARQL."
Score score "This links some data/datum to the value of a measure (data). The way to attach a metric to some data. See also rank."
SemanticEntity Entity "Semantic entity is entity"
Service DataSource
Set Dataset
Setting Environment "Setting and Environment are synonyms. Or they don't?!"
Shape Vocabulary "Shape deals with the set of descriptors used."
SharedFeature shares-capability-with "Different data may share the same capability (fitness for use)"
Similarity similar-to "Quite broad sense here"
SimilarityQuery query-of "What else SimilarityQuery tells us? It tells the relation the resulting data have with the data that has been interpreted as a query"
Single single-part-of
Small smaller-than
SmallerThen smaller-than
Snapshot snapshot-of "Some data is the snapshot of other at a specific time point"
Source DataSource
Stand-In stand-in-of "Some data is used as stand-in for other, in critical contexts. This is the case of anonymized data in public settings"
String capability-of "Some data can be processed as String."
StringRepresentation stand-in-of "Some data is used as a stand-in of other when a specific capability is requested. In this case the concern is being a string..."
SubOntology part-of "A set of descriptors is a portion of others"
Subgraph part-of
Subset part-of
Sum sum-of "Some data is the aggregation of some other. Sum is a kind of aggregation."
Summary 
Synthesis summarization-of "Some data is the summarization of other"
System Operator "Do we need to talk about operators? actions? systems?"
Task Task "Do we need to talk about Tasks?"
Term Data "A term in a text is some data extracted-from some data (identified from? Should we distinguish identify and extract?)"
TermOccurrenceMeasure Measure "Being a specific kind of measure, with a specific Method?"
TextualComponent textual-component-of "Having a specific capability: string"
TextualData textual-component-of
Thing Entity
Time
Timeline assembled-as "Some data is assembled in a specific way to presentation purpose"
Title
TooGeneric not-fits "This data does not fits our concern because is too generic..."
Topic
Total amount-of
Traffic
Transcript stand-in-of "A transcript is the perfect example of a component which stands for the data which is part of for the reason that it supports a specific feature (being string)."
Trend Metric
Triple Capability "Being a triple is a capability"
Tweet Capability "Being a tweet is a capability"
Tweets Capability
Type Descriptor
Upcoming DataSource
Update update-of "Some data is the update for other. to be merged? Substitute?"
Usage Measure "The usage of a descriptor. This is a kind of Measure"
Useless  not-fits
User
Venue
When fits "Another aspect is the evaluation of a description wrt to the domain."
Without has-not-capability "We may also want to say when data has not a specific capability"
Wrong meaningless-part-of "Some data is wrong"
YoungerData before
ability Capability "Fit for use"
access accessible-by "Some data is accessible, other not. By Agent?"
annotate annotated-by "That means to extract some data and attach it to the origin. Also a comment is a kind of extraction. Isn't it?"
attach attached-to "Some data is attached to other, for specific reasons"
by using-method "This should relate an Operation to a Method"
clean Clean "A kind of data preparation to fit a specific concern."
cluster Cluster "Create groups from a single set"
collect Collect "Extract exemplars from a (or more) dataset and put them all in one place"
compare Compare "Compare to datasets"
compute Compute "Compute a measure, for example"
concat Concat "Simply append two uniform data to obtain one single data. Two data sets to obtain one."
consider Consider "Attach some descriptor to a data for future use"
create Create "Add some data about something that was not described before"
cure Clean
dbprop:nationalAnthem
dbprop:notableInstruments
describe Describe
detect Detect "detect, identify, consider. There is some redundancy here..."
discover Discover
explain Explain
extract Extract "This should be identify/consider + collect?"
find Identify
identify Identify
lift Lift "Attach the about info to some piece of data"
link Link "Create a Link"
listen Listen "An operation of data acquisition."
map Map "Link between collections is Map"
mine extract "Shape detection + identification + collection = mining"
obtain obtain "To express the result of an operation. Do we need to describe this?"
optimize Optimize "Reduction for concern. We accept to loose data to boost some other operation."
photograph Photograph "Realize snapshot"
preserve Preserve "To save some data before soem changes"
produce create
rank Rank
receive Listen
reduce Optimize
remove Delete
represent Describe
search Capability
select Identify "Identify is the WHERE condition of a SPARQL SELECT, for example"
send Collect "Is a kind of Collect, looks strange."
solve Achieve "Top-level macro"
store Collect "Is a kind of Collect"
summarize Summarize
take Collect
truncate Truncate "Kind of collect with arbitrary limit in size"
update update-of
use Stand-In
